MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Amahane Azure (1800013040@pku.edu.cn)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

For Those who are working or have worked for Computing Center, Peking
University, or those who are working or have worked for New Youth Network
Culture Studio, Peking University, or those who hold or have held membership
of Youth Network Development Association, Peking University, or those whose
project is financially supported by any institute in relation to Peking
University, any usage of code, without explicit authorizations from the
author, from this project will be considered as infringement of copyright.
The word "usage" may refer to making copies of, modifying, redistributing of
the source code or any derivative of this project, for either commercial or
non-commercial use.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
